# Blockchain-Model
Farm2Table 
A food supply chain management project.

Steps to run the project
1. Download the project in a python IDE(preferably pycharm)
2. import flask(using pip install flask),flask_cors,requests.
3. import pycryptodome( this requires visual studio build tools(pip install pycryptodome) or download anaconda evironment(download from conda environment settiongs))
4. The app is built to contain multiple nodes with various clients.
5. we need to add node and client configurations before running the project.
6. go to ADD CONFIGURATION-> PYTHON ->add blockchain1.py path in script path->add -p 5000 in parameters and name it "node1".
7. repeat step 6 for any number of various number of nodes(say 3) and name each node diffrently(also change the port to 5001,5002,5003..).
8. go to ADD CONFIGURATION-> PYTHON ->add blockchain_client1.py path in script path->add -p 8080 in parameters and name it "farmer1".  
9. repeat step 8 and create clients with diffrent names(also change the port to 8081,8082..).
10. run all the clients and nodes.
11. open all the url's generated by running the nodes and clients.
12. now go to all the clients one by one and generate their wallets, save the keys in some text file.
13. go to all nodes and configure all the other nodes in each by adding its url in the add configuration textbox.
14. go to the add details screen and add some detail about the product, you can edit the node according to the client profile.Remember to add valid keys and url only.
15. now go to url of the node in which the transaction was added and refresh the page. mine all the pending transactions. now go the url of the configures nodes and refresh those. the transaction will be added to all nodes if the block could pass the proof of work.
16. repeat 11-15 for any number of detail addition.
17. you can view all the details added by a user in the view user detail screen by adding a node url and the users public key. 

